Hello everyone. Welcome to a new episode of The
Dissenter, and today I'm here with Alice Little. She's
best known as America's most successful legal sex worker.
OK, we have to talk about what that means,
and an intimate companionship expert, and she's also an
advocate for the adult industry. So Alice, welcome to
the show. It's a huge pleasure to everyone.
Thank you, thank you so much for having me.
That's, that's a big intro.
Well, I mean, I read that somewhere. I can't
remember exactly if it's, if it was on Ollie
Randall's podcast or something like that. So I used
it for my introduction. Anyway, uh tell us a
little bit about yourself. I mean, what kind of
sex work do you do and how did you
get into it?
Well, for the past 10 years, I have been
working within the Nevada legal brothel system. Now, a
lot of people don't even realize that there are
legal brothels in America. They're only in Nevada, only
within certain locations, and I happen to work at
the Chicken Ranch, which is just outside of Las
Vegas.
Yeah, but, but I mean, what kinds of, uh,
um, uh, uh, what kinds of clients do you
get? What kind of cli clientele, I mean, what
kinds of, I, I think I've asked this question
to, to another guest on the show, but people
have this common idea that Oh no, it's only,
you know, losers who pay for sex. It's only
men who are desperate. It's only, I, I mean,
it's, it's only good for nothing men, basically. So,
but what is your experience with that?
Um, THE opposite of that. Pretty much everything you
said is. A common negative stereotype about people who
see intimacy professionals, and that just comes from a
place of judgment, not from actual reality. I see
men of all ages. I see women. Of all
ages, 21 and up at the chicken ranch. Legal
disclaimer, big star there, you know, 21 and up
of all ages, but 21 all the way through.
I see married couples. I see polyamorous people. I
see every, everyone, everybody. And it comes from folks
of all walks of life. I see folks who
are doctors, I see folks who work in the
medical profession. I see people who have their own
businesses. I see people who are retired, like there's,
there's no one. Who comes to the ranch, it's
so many different people.
Well, that bit about the married couples, I bet
that's very controversial to most conservatively minded people because
many of them would say, oh, that's not real
marriage, come on.
Oh, OK, so cheating on each other is that's
real marriage. I'm sorry, if you want authentic, terrible
relationship drama. In which you get STD risk. I
mean, be my guest, sleep around. And you know
what, some couples just wanna have a threesome, and
that's OK, and they wanna do it with each
other, even better. I am tested for literally everything
under the sun every 7 days. Everything is done
with protection. I'm a professional. I know what I'm
doing. What's the judge? Come on, let people have
fun.
Yeah, we're going to get into some of those
other myths that people have about sex work and
assumptions they make about sex workers, because some of
them are just, uh, funny, I guess. So, uh,
and but I, I mean, just to be on
a more serious note here, what do you think
are the pros and cons of sex work?
Oh, goodness. Cons, let's start there. Stigma. We've already
mentioned it. There's a lot of stigma and misconception
that comes with being an intimacy professional. Right now
on X, an adult performer, Riley Reed is going
around. And people are tying together photos of her
family with photos of her professional work, which is
absolutely disgusting, should not be happening. That's, who does
that? That, that's not normal. But people make this
stereotype that, oh, you can't be in a happy
relationship and have a baby if you work in
the intimacy industry. Uh, NEWSFLASH, we're real human people.
We get to have families and relationships. Like I
have a whole goat farm. I've got like horses
and goats. It's a, it's a whole thing.
Yeah, and OK, and the pros.
Well, there's still more cons. Uh, THERE'S banking discrimination.
Like, let's be real, there's a lot of cons
to being an intimacy professional. Uh, BANKING discrimination, even
when you work in a legal industry, your finances
aren't. Necessarily protected, a banking institution could choose to
cancel your accounts at pretty much any time they
feel like it. That's a tremendous risk. That's a
risk that most small businesses are not required to
take on, yeah. Another con. Of this industry, hmm,
let's see. There's a medical judgment. It can be
very difficult to find medical professionals that don't judge
or stigmatize you for what you do. I know
I personally have been on the receiving end of
medical discrimination. They almost missed appendicitis thinking that it
could have been an STD or STI. When I
had just been tested literally the day before and
the results had already come back, everything was fine.
I, I just had like appendicitis. They had to
take my appendix out and they,
so basically doctors tend to assume that you must
have some STI.
Yeah, ridiculous, absolutely problematic, but that is a reality
and people should be aware of these things if
they're considering getting into this industry. But there's lots
of pros to this as well. If you enjoy
intimacy and connection, you're gonna have a really good
time because so much of the job is getting
to connect with people. Regardless what type of intimacy
professional you are, you are going to be interacting
with people, your colleagues, you're gonna be interacting with
your guests, you're gonna be interacting with your co-performers.
You're gonna be having these very beautiful. Intimate relationships
with these people, and that's a really positive thing.
You get the opportunity to meet some of the
most interesting, fascinating, and wonderful people from all sorts
of walks of life. You will have the opportunity
to expand your horizons to whole new levels based
off of the conversations that you get to have
with other people. You learn so much more about
yourself and the world around you and how people
love and interact and connect, and it's It's incredible.
I mean, there is no other industry that allows
you to see people for who they are so
clearly, and for me, that's a huge, huge pro.
And of course, there is a financial benefit, like,
I am the most successful person to come out
of the Nevada brothel industry. I've made 7 figures
of income in one single calendar year. That's, that's
something I did and it certainly has allowed me
to live my dreams and it makes me incredibly
grateful for what I do.
Yeah, that's awesome. So let me ask you, because
uh not only did I listen to some episodes
of your, I guess, unless I missed something, your
old podcast, because the last episode I, I found
was from 2019 and I was like, oh come
on, there have to be more episodes here. And,
but people also told me that you are interested
in the history of Sex work. So how old
is sex work? I mean, how long has it
been around in human societies? And I guess the
short answer is forever, right? But
anyway, how old is it? It is the accurate
answer forever. When we look at the first written
examples of law, we see evidence of language describing
sex workers. And how sex workers should be treated
by the rest of society. Well, clearly there were
sex workers. When we go to Pompeii, we can
see graffiti on the walls of follow. Me to
a good time, essentially like. Written ads on the
wall like some hilarious ones. There's some really lewd
ones like you probably have to censor those. I
mean paintings and like tile like we found brothels
we know where the brothels were it was a
thing we see them we have evidence of them,
they exist. And they exist all over the states
like they exist in New Orleans, they exist in
Texas and Alaska, and all throughout the gold rush
era. There's brothels, brothels, brothels, brothels, brothels. I mean,
all across the westward expansion, brothels, brothels, brothels, brothels,
brothels, like. They are everywhere here and globally. It's
just that we since have legislated them down to
this very, very small narrow area of it's legal,
but only here and here and here and here.
There's only like 19 places left that still have
licenses.
Oh my God. I mean, which is actually funny
because it's a profession that it's, it's been around
forever, but, uh, uh, something that's also been around
forever is stigma against sex workers, even though all
every uh all kinds of men, uh, I mean,
pay for sex work, and also, uh, there was,
I'm not sure if there still is, but at
least until very recently. Recently in history, there was
um a tradition of uh men taking their sons
to sex workers to lose their virginity and stuff
like that, so I mean it's sort of funny
because it's like hypocritical,
right? Yeah, so that, that last one as far
as men taking their now 21 year old sons
to a brothel. It that that happens. That is
a real thing that still happens today. It's, it's
still a thing. No, it totally is a thing
like, OK, let's be realistic. Unless you come from
a particularly successful, very young business early on, or
you have a trust fund or some other access
to financial means and savings, you probably do not
have enough casual disposable income to really be able
to treat yourself to a multi-hour pleasure experience in
a Nevada. Brothel. Like, so a lot of times,
dad or uncle or grandpa, sometimes everybody comes together
and it's a, it's a little family bonding thing
and everyone just goes their own little separate ways.
It's, it's actually quite wholesome. It's really cute.
Oh my God, sex work is ruining the American
family. I mean,
we're we're we're closer together, the family that. There's
some really bad jokes to be made there like,
oh no, the family that comes together stays together.
Uh, YEAH. Uh, BUT, but, but, you know, it's,
it's really funny because it's not just that sex
work has been around forever in human societies, but
just earlier this year, I interviewed Nathan Lentz. He's
the author of an incredible book from this year
called uh The Sexual Evolution, and at a certain
point there he, he's an evolutionary biologist and it
Talks about transactional sex in other animal species. So
I mean birds also do it, penguins also do
it, chimpanzees also do it, and then a very
funny thing about chimpanzees is if you teach them
how to use money, one of the first things
they use the money for is to exchange it
for sex with the female, so.
It's a very, it, it's a very natural thing
because this happens so organically again and again and
again and again. It is by definition a natural
biological occurrence within us, within animals at newsflash, we
are also animals. I think people have a tendency
to forget that sometimes that we have more in
common than we think with the world around us.
And when we see these things happening naturally, yet
we try to suppress these urges, it's more important
to ask where and who taught us to want
to push this down and to suppress this, and
the reality is, is it comes from religious morality.
That is the origin point for most stigma against
sex, against deviant sex, anything that goes against husband
on top, woman on bottom. For procreation purposes only.
Yeah. We have evolved as a society beyond that,
and yet we're still holding on to some of
these religious-based moralities that don't really match with the
moralities that somebody personally has. Like people are all
for. Women empowerment and supporting women except sex work.
No, not that, no, boo, that can't be consensual.
No, not that, no. Anything but that, no. And
like, come on, it's a job like any other
job. How are you gonna say that we sell
our bodies any more than Anybody else does. Like,
I grew up with a dental hygienist in my
family. Her fingers are so arthritic that by the
time she was like 40 years old, she was
practically disabled from her job. Her hands were literally
sold for her job. Um, I'm sorry, is that
not selling your body?
Uh, uh, NO, no, I, I mean that, that's
really a, a rich one because interestingly enough, and
we're going to get also into that later, but,
uh, when people talk about, uh, trafficking in sex
work, I mean, the, their solution is always, oh,
we, we have to abolish sex work. I mean,
the solution is to abolish sex. Sex work. But
then there is also human trafficking for construction, for
agriculture, for other areas, and nobody ever says that
we should abolish construction or agriculture because of that.
They have other sorts of solutions, but when it
comes to sex work, then suddenly, oh no, it
has to go away. Just it, it entirely has
to go away and it's, it's sort of funny,
right? Because it, it, it doesn't have to do
with the trafficking itself. It has to do with
your morality,
right? Yes, and when you legalize and legislate this,
the reality is it prevents people who are minors
from working within the system. There are so many
hoops that I have to jump through to work
within the legal location. I have to give my
fingerprints. I have to have my business license, I
have to do my STD and STI testing. And
I do this paperwork, the license, 4 times a
year. They don't even have gun owners come in
to register that frequently. But here I am, literally
every single quarter and all of this is processed
at the sheriff's office. You don't think the sheriff's
office knows how to verify somebody's ID? Like, Nobody
underage is working within the legal brothel system. With
that said, It is a problem that we only
have like 19 of these locations. That means there's
only 19 places which are able to jump through
the hoops and legally make this service available in
the safest way possible. That means in the 49
other states we are pushing people to the more
marginalized and dangerous options because we do not have
any protections in place. So for all that I
work within a legal system. The legal system really
doesn't protect anybody outside of those other 19 locations.
We need something that protects everybody, which is decriminalization,
which is removing all of the penalties and legal
problems for offering this service. Once we remove those
penalties, then we are able to do so in
a way that is significantly safer. When we look
at other industries that were previously stigmatized and then
regulated, we see the increases in safety standards. Why
in the world are we not going to put
it towards something that we have already had within
our society since forever?
Yeah, I mean, so you think that between legalization
and decriminalization, decriminalization is better.
I absolutely think so because decriminalization is protection for
everybody. Legalization is protection only for the people that
work within those limited privileged locations. Not everybody can
travel out to Nevada away from their families, their
children, their farm, their responsibilities, and go and work
within a very specific location in Nevada. That just
isn't a reality for most people, and as a
result, most people are not actually being protected by
legalization. That's a very limited protection. Decriminalization, it's, it's
far more broad and therefore a lot more impactful.
Yeah, you know, earlier when you mentioned religious morality,
one thing that immediately came to mind because I've
already had this conversation on the show with Nicole
Prosi, um, is, uh, the idea of porn eviction.
I mean, I, I know you're, uh, a different
kind of sex worker, but, uh, what people found
out is that uh people are not actually addicted
to porn. The thing is, is that people who
have some sort of morality against porn, pornography, like
if they are religious or if they have any
other sort of uh similar kind of morality that
uh uh condemns porn or you watching porn, then
even if you just do it a little bit,
then you, some of those people identify as porn
addicts, even though, I mean, there's nothing wrong with
watching a little bit of porn, right?
No, nothing wrong with it, perfectly natural porn. Porn
is not a problem. Porn is good. Porn is
great. I love porn. Some of my favorite people
are porn stars. They're super cool people. You are
watching people do a performance. We love to watch
people perform. We love to watch movies and documentaries
and reality TV, and oftentimes porn is the intersection
between entertainment, reality TV, documentary, like those are real
people. Having sex within oftentimes very highly fantasy scenarios.
What's not to love about that? I mean, great,
enjoy it. You're not going to become addicted to
that any more than you could become addicted to
watching The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills, like, No,
be so for real.
I mean, another one that I find really funny
is when people link sex work with social decadence,
and even er the end of empires. It's like,
oh, sex workers appear and then suddenly the Roman
Empire is collapsing. And I'm like, what? I mean,
have you read any history or any science on
why societies collapse? I mean, there's climate change, there's
er Recall, uh, uh, there's, uh, crop failure. There's
political corruption, but sex work, really,
that's a new one. That's a new one for
me. Yeah, no, that's not a thing in history.
Like, please find your citations if you think that
is a thing. I want, I want to see
your resources. Thank you. Like, if anything, we see
sex work at the forefront of thriving. Civilizations. When
Virginia City was the richest city in America during
the height of the gold rush, there were so
many brothels. There were so many brothels. Like it
was like brothels on brothels on brothels. Unbelievable. Anytime
we see an incredible amount of wealth within our
society. We see brothels. If anything, it's evidence of
a society that is thriving, evidence of a society
that is able to indulge in the highest form
of expression and entertainment and connection, like how. Privileged
a society are we that we are able to
exchange one of the most special things with each
other in a way that is safe and sane
and consensual, that's beneficial to everybody involved in it.
Like that's really cool.
No, I mean, it's funny because for these people
it's not any other factor, it's always feminism, women's
rights, sex work, trans people. I mean, it's one
of those things that leads to the collapse of
society.
The trans panic thing is so dumb. Again, look
at history. Trans people have been here forever. Get
over yourselves. This isn't anything new. When we look
at societies that have never been colonized, they already
have multiple, multiple expressions of gender, not even 12
or 3. I mean, we're talking like 56 different
historical expressions of gender, like, again, Be so for
real. I raise animals for a living. You better
believe I see animals that are somewhere on a
gender spectrum that isn't male or female. That just
happens. It just happens in nature. It happens for
people. I have a girl goat that acts more
like a boy goat. I don't know what's going
on. I don't care. It's a goat. What do
you care what's going on with somebody else? It's
their body. Get over yourself. Like, again, one of
those stupid morality things that wasn't a problem until
religion decided to make it one.
Yeah, uh, religion again, uh, you know, another funny
one is that sex work is one of the
reasons behind declining fertility rates. I mean, I really
love that one. I mean, are you, are you,
Alice, are, are you contributing to people having fewer
children? Come on, admit that one at least.
Come on. No, if anything, I'm actually really pro-natal.
Like I have a lot of couples that have
come to see me and now have like new
babies because they were having more sex after seeing
me because I helped them have better sex. So
like, no, I'm here for people having babies that
wanna have babies. Like, let me help you have
better sex so you can go and find a
girlfriend and Get married and go have a baby
if that's what you wanna do. If you wanna
have babies, good. Babies are cute. Good for you.
Yeah, you know what's never the cause behind declining
fertility rates, the economy. That can never be the
cause. It's always sex workers, feminists, or something like
that. Oh no,
people having sex is leading to people having less
sex. Do they even hear themselves, come on.
OK, so another one, and this one again, the
data is just the opposite of the accusation people
make. I mean, that pornography and sex work cause
sexual violence, and I mean, it's like porn consumption
goes like this and sexual violence goes like this.
So over time, so I mean, if anything, if
you watch more porn, you commit less sexual violence.
So pretty much, yeah, like you are more intimately
fulfilled when you are having sex, masturbating, taking care
of those intimate urges, which are normal and natural,
and we see all throughout nature, we're not the
only thing that masturbates, my God. When you take
care of yourself in that fashion, you are not
suppressing things that can later fester and become something
negative. That's, there's just no correlation there. I want
to see evidence. I want to see citations that
are peer-reviewed studies show me something that has been
published in a scientific paper, a real one, damn
it, a credible source. And then let's have a
conversation.
Yeah, this is just part of our long history
of moral panics. It's like the one about how
Marilyn Manson supposedly caused the Columbine massacre, so, you
know.
No, no, that's dumb. That is a dumb conspiracy
theory.
Yeah, but look, I've been referring to feminism a
lot here, but do you identify as a feminist?
Oh, it's a, that's a tough one for me
right there because feminist is such a broad umbrella
and there are so many different types of feminists
within that umbrella that I don't necessarily want to
say I identify with the whole umbrella of. Feminism,
I, I don't think I do because there's many
opinions within feminism that I disagree with. The trans
exclusionary radical feminism, I don't agree with that. The
sex work exclusionary radical feminism, sure don't agree with
that. Both of those types of extreme feminism also
tend to fall under other forms of extreme belief
that I don't necessarily agree with. So I can't
necessarily say that I am a feminist umbrella term,
but there are certainly aspects of feminism that I
think are incredibly accurate.
Yeah, I mean, definitely the radical feminists tend to
be the most annoying. I mean, it, it's like
they, they, they're almost, um, they're almost allies with
conservatives many times. So
yes, and you can have your opinion. I can
have my opinion. Don't try to use your opinion
to become law. Particularly if you do not have
any sort of research into whom you are harming
by putting that law into place, whereas I have
statistics on who you are helping by decriminalizing sex
work. I can show you exactly who is going
to benefit. Women. Overall, majority of sex workers are
women, are going to benefit because they are going
to have new protections in place to report any
sort of violence or harassment or problems that are
happening within their line of business.
Yeah, but I, I, I mean, just on that
topic, uh, and talking about the more sex negative
sort of feminists, uh, they have some arguments here.
One of them is that sex work is never
a choice, that women only do it under coercion.
I mean, what do you think about that?
Yeah, I mean, I work under duress 100%. If
I had my $10 million in the bank account,
I would probably just be like vacationing all the
time. Like, yeah, uh, personally, I would love to
just be on vacation 24/7. 0 woe is me.
I am not on vacation 24/7 with $10 million
in the bank. Um, The That is so stupid.
It, it, sex work is work. All work is
work. There is no work that is more morally
superior than any other sort of work. Most people,
if they had the option to financially retire, would
choose the option to retire. I would 100% cherry-pick
my favorite parts of what I do, and I
would exclusively do my favorite things or my favorite
people if we're being honest. And like, Yeah, that's
what I would choose to do is like. I,
I would just be like, cool, let me do
all my favorite things and like we're gonna go
and travel to cool vacation places and like. Do
cool things, yeah, like, yeah,
and guess what, as if most people do not
work under coercion, I mean, as if most people
have any choice when it comes to the kind
of work they do, right?
It's work. I mean, I absolutely can do something
else if I want to. With the big umbrella
of being an intimacy professional. I get to do
podcasts. I get to do education. I get to
do social media. Media, I'm on OnlyFans, I'm on
YouTube, I'm on Instagram. I have my own farm.
I get to do all of these different things
and the more successful I am, the more I
get to cherry-pick all my favorite things that I
get to do.
OK, another one, they say that sex workers of
any kind are are always objectified by their fans
or clients. I mean, do you feel objectified or,
or not?
I mean, in a positive way, sure, like, oh,
tell me I'm beautiful. How horrible. No, don't, no,
please don't compliment me. No. Oh, I hate it.
Don't tell me how attractive I am. Definitely, mm,
no, don't buy me presents and dress me up
in gorgeous clothing and tell me how beautiful I
look. Oh no, save me from my horrible life.
Uh, I think objectification can actually be quite Beautiful
when it's done in a healthy way. When it's
done from a place of admiration and respect and
care for the other person, that's, that's really hot.
I like that. That's, that's not a bad thing.
Like, desiring the person that you are with is
not a bad thing. That's actually probably a good
thing when it, when it comes to who you're
gonna be having sex with. You want them to
arouse your interest. So yeah, I don't mind being
objectified in a positive way. Like, yeah, go for
it, please. What
are you saying? There are positive ways of objectifying
people? Come
on. Yeah, 100%. 0, 100%. Come on. Absolutely so.
I personally love to be admired. I love it.
I think it's really cool when people tell me
how pretty I am. I like it, compliment me.
You know, I've already told this story on the
show once, but I'm going to tell it again
because this is really, really funny. Like there was
a feminist group here in Portugal, like 10 years
ago or so, and they had a website and
they wrote posts there, and one of them once
wrote a post saying that women shouldn't have sex
with the lights on because otherwise the man objectifies
them. And I'm
like, what the hell? This isn't the dark ages.
We do not have to have sex by candlelight
anymore. We have evolved beyond that point. Again, be
so for real. You don't wanna see your partner.
I know I like looking at my partner. I
think that's, I think it's hot. Yeah, I wanna
see what they're doing.
Yeah, no, that, that, that one, I mean, it's
uh it's really funny, but, uh, but look, how
should a sex trafficking be combated? I mean, do
you think that decriminalization can also help with that?
0, 100%, because once we decriminalize it, we allow
people to consensually participate in it without having to
fear about things like trafficking. Why? Because if harm
is coming to them, they can report it to
the police. Right now, if a woman is being
harmed through sex work, she is just as likely
to be arrested for the crime of prostitution as
she is to actually be helped.
Mm, OK, but, but, uh, I mean, do you
think, because there, there's that argument, I guess we've
already touched on it a little bit, but there's
that argument from sex negative feminists who say that,
oh, sex work promotes sex trafficking. I mean, do
you think there's any evidence to support that?
No, I don't believe there's any quality evidence that
supports that because we have evidence quite to the
contrary of that. We are able to see statistically.
That in areas that have decriminalized sex work, places
like Australia and New Zealand, instances of sexual violence
and human trafficking decrease because once you have legal
availability, people are going to choose to participate in
that versus going and participating in the more unregulated
part of the system.
Yeah, you, you know, it's interesting because I've had
a conversation on the show with Gerald Mosley, who
wrote a very interesting book, Sex Workers and Their
Clients in their own words. Oh, just imagine going
out and talking with sex workers instead of assuming
what they want and what they like and so
on. Just imagine that. I mean, it's just mind
blowing, right? But I mean, one of the things
he talks about there is that actually most male
clients uh. Not like if they learn that a
particular sex worker is doing it under coercion or
if she's been sex trafficked. So I mean, most
clients are actually decent people, you know.
Yeah, I would certainly say so. Somebody does not
come to spend thousands to tens of thousands of
dollars if he does not truly want what is
best for that woman. That is like the The
deepest level of appreciation and admiration for women is
to value and prize them so highly that you're
willing to do this sort of an exchange. That's
incredible, frankly speaking, and people who are willing to
participate in that type of relationship, oftentimes are the
exact sort of people that I want to be
in relationships with. They are kind, they are friendly,
they're wonderful, they are intelligent, they know what they
want out of life and aren't afraid to have
it.
Yeah, no, you know, I was making sort of
a joke about, oh my God, going and talking
to actually talking to sex workers because this is
something that many sex negative feminists, if not all
of them, never do. They just come up with
their own moral BS and try to imply that
every woman out there must think about sex work
the same way as they do, right.
Yes, it is very difficult to sit and have
a rational conversation with a lot of the sex
negative camps because they are not interested in talking
to sex workers because we are not real people
to them. We are an idea. We are the
personification of all of their negative personal. Ideas that
they have about sex and intimacy and sexuality. We're
the personification of all of those beliefs. They can't
talk to just a single sex worker because it
breaks the illusion. Oh no, we're actual real people
that they are now causing harm to. They can't
break that illusion, so they can't have a conversa,
a conversation with us.
Oh my God, there are actually women out there
who like sex work. Oh my God,
no, don't say that. No, boo, boo, cancel, cancel
the show. Cancel you boo. You can't say that.
How terrible. No, no.
OK, OK, but. OK, but look, there, there's still
definitely a stigma against sex workers out there in
society. So, what do you think are the best
ways of trying to uh combat that stigma?
Conversations exactly like this one go a long way
towards making that happen. Listening to sex workers intentionally
going out of your way to find intimacy professionals
and consume the media that they produce. Oftentimes, right
now, social media is suppressing and hiding a lot.
Of the sex worker voices. I know I'm shadow
band almost everywhere. It's almost impossible for people to
be able to organically find me unless they are
organically looking for the genuine voice of sex workers.
I try to make it very easy to find
me. Alice Little, same name all over the internet.
I've got my own website. And it's, it is
always a challenge to find and interact with the
genuine firsthand people if you're curious in learning more
about the thing.
Yeah. So, look, I, I can't resist asking you
these couple of questions because as I said, I
listened to some of the pod uh some of
the episodes from your podcast and uh this is
the first time I'm actually asking on the show
a sex worker about this, so Uh, how can
people, particularly men, be better lovers? I mean, come
on, uh, we have to learn something from a,
a professional here.
So, oh yeah, I've got some skills. I have
got some real, real things that you can do
very simply right away that will make you better
lovers. First thing you do is you slow down.
Don't just hit the bedroom and start stripping yourself
and expect her to get herself naked. Start with
a little bit of foreplay, OK? Women, like warm-up,
like 15 minutes of foreplay is what it really
takes for a woman's body to be fully aroused.
Like, I'm aware, you are hard, you are ready
to go, like, bing, let's, you know, let's get
to it. Sorry, two different engines here. You're gonna
need to give this engine a little bit more
time to get warmed up. So warm her up,
get her naked, you do the work, strip her,
kiss her, touch her, play with her body. Bring
your body closer to hers and invite her to
touch and connect with your body. Initiate foreplay. If
you're the man and you You want to be
like, I'm the dominant man. I'm in control of
this situation. Lead her, encourage her to like engage
in the foreplay too, and you will find that
most women are very responsive to this. And this
naturally leads to arousal, you end up slowly making
your way to the bed. The first thing you
do before you try to have sex, get her
off. Let her come first. Seriously, if you do
this first, you are like an S-tier legendary lover.
It means that you prioritize her pleasure, even above
your pleasure. And trust me, you are going to
have better sex after she already comes once. Like,
she's ready, she's ready, ready, ready, and then go
for it. Like, That's, that's like. The double hitter
combo right there. Take your time, let her come
first, do those two things, you will instantly be
a better lover.
Oh, OK, so wait a minute, because religious people
are going to listen to this and think. Are
you promoting sodomy here? I mean, are you promoting
oral sex?
Yeah, I am. Burn the witch. I don't care.
Yeah, yes, I am. Those are good things. Those
are natural things. Get over it.
Yeah, uh, you know, I've heard conservative people, particularly
conservative men, saying that, uh, If you as a
man perform oral sex on a woman, you are
like less of a man, so.
No, it means that you're probably going to get
more enthusiastic blowjobs in return. Guess what? When there's
equivalent exchange within relationships, you, you tend to give
and receive more. It goes both ways. Oftentimes it
ends up being, uh, beneficial to both participants.
Oh my God, you're, you're also saying that we
should care about the female orgasm. This, this is,
I mean, this is just too much, this is
just too much anti-religiosity here, uh.
Yeah, I'm, I'm pretty sure we are so deeply
canceled now by like the deeply religious conservative folks.
And I mean, love you guys. Y'all are great.
Get over your problems and you will have much
better sex lives. And like, even if you don't
wanna do these things, fine, do something else, be
good to each other, care about each other. Come
on, OK,
OK, caring about women, that's another controversial one, right?
Like, OK, OK, that's mm, you're not wrong. I
wish you were wrong, but you're not wrong.
Yeah, But I mean, uh, OK, but let's try
to be a little bit more specific here. I
want more details. So, what should men know about
how to please a woman sexually?
Pull up an anatomy chart, look at the female
anatomy, and you're gonna look for a little, little
thing that's called the clitoris. Look at that. Look
at where that is in relationship to the body.
It is not on the inner thigh. It is
not up near our belly buttons. It is not
down near our butt holes. Find the location. And
be gentle, communicate with your partner and see how
she likes to be touched. Start very gently and
then go from there. Good technique, little Boy Scout
fingers, little small circles, just like this. Just like
this is a really good place to start for
most girls. We're not like trying to DJ, none
of that. Stop that. That's, that's not the thing.
We're gonna be real gentle, OK? Look up the
chart, find the spot. Gentle circles, that will help,
that will help you a lot.
Yeah, and, and you guess what? I don't know
if you will, if you will agree with me,
but I expect, uh, I hope so. Uh, ONE
thing that can get you a long way is
also to ask her what she likes,
right? Yes, communication goes an incredibly long way. Using
your words to get what you desire is the
easiest way to have a better time in the
bed.
OK, so, OK, so another question, and this one
is for the, um, the red pillars and the
black pillars and the manosphere type of guys. Come
on, you just, what do women really want? Come
on, you have to admit that you're just hypergamous
and you just want a high status male, or
high value male or something like that. I mean,
is that really what you want or, or not?
Maybe some girls want that. I don't know. I
don't speak for the women. I'm not the goddamn
Lorax. Like every woman wants something different. We are
all individuals, much like men are all individuals. Sure,
some men are hypermanosphere guys and maybe some girls
actually really want manosphere. Cool. There's probably someone for
everybody out there. There's a lot of fish in
the sea, like, find your fish, make your happiness.
I mean, don't say there's just one way or
one person that's worthy of love or able to
have love. I mean, that's accessible to everyone. Everyone
gets to enjoy that. You don't get to limit
or dictate who gets to have that if they're
an alpha beta, Delta Kappa male, I don't know,
whatever their. Whatever their thing is, I don't consume
enough of that media to know the things.
Uh, YEAH, I, I mean, I just consume it
out of rage because I really hate those guys.
It's like, uh, I, I'm, I mean, it's, uh,
for me it's like, come on, uh, can't you
just learn that if you are a decent guy,
you also can get a long way. I mean,
you don't have to be a asshole, right, to,
to get women, so.
Very real, very real.
Yeah. OK, so I, I have 22 more questions.
The first one, I mean, you said that you,
there are certain kinds of feminism that, that you
like. I, I also do like certain kinds of
certain types of feminism, and one thing that I
really find funny is that conservative people, when they
demonize the 1960s, 1970s sexual revolution, they say. That,
oh, the sexual revolution was just a way of
feminists to promote promiscuity and casual sex and so
on and so forth, and I'm like, no, I
mean that was not the point of the sexual
revolution. The point of the sexual revolution was for
women to be able to have their own agency
and be able to choose with whom they have
sex, when they have sex, if they have sex
out of marriage or not. TO get access to
contraception, to get access to sexual education, to get
access to Planned Parenthood and those kinds of things,
I mean, I guess that promiscuity didn't come on
the menu there,
right? No, that was not the point. The point
was equality for women, which historically is something that
a lot of conservative people have problems with. There
has always been an unspoken desire for inequality where
man leads woman follows, and anything that challenges that
and puts a woman potentially in the driver's seat
or a position of power ends up being problematic
for people who hold those conservative beliefs. The problem
with trying to debate people with those beliefs is
that they're doing everything based off of their Bible,
off of religious morality, and we're operating from a
place of facts and statistics and Honest to goodness
research. I am sorry, but I cannot use this
statistic to combat Moses. These things do not exist
in the same universe. One of these things I
can prove, one of these things requires belief. And
if that's not my belief, you're now requiring me
to assume someone else's religious beliefs, which I think
goes against the whole religious freedom of this country.
So I feel like it's very inauthentic to make
laws that are based off of religious beliefs and
want to then conceptualize a religious belief into a
law and use it for jurisdiction against people who
do not hold the same beliefs. If anything, I'd
argue that it is religious oppression that they are
doing, the very thing that they fear so much
and claim that is being done to them. That's
what they're actually doing to others because in my
religious beliefs, of which I really don't have any.
I am my own free will. I have agency
over myself and my body, and if I wanna
do sex work, I get to do sex work.
Uh, I, I mean, please don't hurt their feelings
because, uh, obviously America or the US is a
Christian nation, right? Come on, come on.
It shouldn't be, but realistically it is. We have
failed to divide the church and the state like
we are supposed to.
Yeah, yeah, no, that, that, that's really interesting, and,
you know, another thing that I find funny about
this accusation about, oh, feminists promote promiscuity and sex
workers promote promiscuity and so on and so forth,
is that actually, at least for the younger generations,
particularly, particularly Gen Z. Uh, IF you look at
the data, people are starting their sex lives, uh,
later. There, for, uh, when you look at data,
uh, when you ask people whether they had sex
the past year or not, there's an increasing number
of people who had no sex, uh, the, the
last year. And uh I mean, even I talked
also recently on the show with the sexologist, Justin
LeMiller, and we talked about they, they collected about
the average number of partners of uh lifetime partners.
People have and it's like around 6789, 11% or
10% of people have 15 plus sexual partners. So
I mean, where's the promiscuity? I don't see it.
Very accurate, very accurate. Again, when we're using facts
rather than fiction, you get very different answers to
these questions.
Yeah. OK, so 11 final question, and I mean,
I sort of turned this question into uh the
final question of every single interview with sex workers
I've been doing on the show, just because it
came to my mind when I was interviewing Marcela
Alonso. And I mean, I just found it fun.
You said earlier that uh you have some uh
porn stars that you admire. I'm imagining female porn
stars. So, I mean, tell us, give us some
names. Who are the ones you admire the most?
Oh God, everyone, I, I don't like to name
names because people always try to exceptionalize specific people
within the porn industry, and I admire the industry
overall. I admire the ladies overall. It's hard to
say one specific person gets a shout out above
everybody else because there are so many that are
doing. Incredible work and there's work being done that
I don't even know about. Like, I just recently
learned of a new organization that was started by
a sex worker. I'd never heard it before. Like,
that's incredible work she's doing. So I would say
yes, everybody, they're all great. They're all incredible. They're
all talented, wonderful individuals who deserve to be respected
in their own right. Yay, everybody.
Yeah, OK, so I'm just going to give you
one name. I mean, the person I want to
interview the most also because she's a feminist and
she's an intellectual, I mean, and she's awesome, and
for me, she's the goat, and, and please come
on, if you watch this interview, please come on
the show. It's Nina Hartley. I mean, I really
love Nina Hartley. I
love Nina Hartley. Nina Hartley is in fact the
goat.
Yeah,
OK,
OK, so
Alice,
yeah, yeah, yeah, no, she, she's great, she's awesome.
So Alice, uh, where can people find you on
the internet?
My website because I own it, the Alice Little.com.
Make sure to subscribe to my newsletter. If I
lose a platform, add a platform, start a new
show, do something cool, that's where you're gonna get
to hear about it first. And if you stay
subscribed, you'll stay in the loop with all the
cool things I'm doing, including the show.
OK, great. So look, it's been really fun to
talk to you. Thank you so much for coming
on the show.
Thank you for having me.
Hi guys, thank you for watching this interview until
the end. If you liked it, please share it,
leave a like and hit the subscription button. The
show is brought to you by Enlights Learning and
Development done differently. Check their website at enlights.com and
also please consider supporting the show on Patreon or
PayPal. I would also like to give a huge
thank you to my main patrons and PayPal supporters,
Perergo Larsson, Jerry Mulleran, Frederick Sundo, Bernard Seyaz Olaf,
Alex, Adam Cassel, Matthew Whittingberrd, Arnaud Wolff, Tim Hollis,
Eric Elena, John Connors, Philip Forst Connolly. Then Dmitri
Robert Windegerru Inai Zu Mark Nevs, Colin Holbrookfield, Governor,
Michel Stormir, Samuel Andrea, Francis Forti Agnun, Svergoo, and
Hal Herzognon, Michel Jonathan Labran, John Yardston, and Samuel
Curric Hines, Mark Smith, John Ware, Tom Hammel, Sardusran,
David Sloan Wilson, Yasilla Dezara Romain Roach, Diego Londono
Correa. Yannik Punteran Ruzmani, Charlotte Blis Nicole Barbaro, Adam
Hunt, Pavlostazevski, Alekbaka Madison, Gary G. Alman, Semov, Zal
Adrian Yei Poltonin, John Barboza, Julian Price, Edward Hall,
Edin Bronner, Douglas Fry, Franco Bartolati, Gabriel Pancortez or
Suliliski, Scott Zachary Fish, Tim Duffy, Sony Smith, and
Wisman. Daniel Friedman, William Buckner, Paul Georg Jarno, Luke
Lovai, Georgios Theophannus, Chris Williamson, Peter Wolozin, David Williams,
Dio Costa, Anton Ericsson, Charles Murray, Alex Shaw, Marie
Martinez, Coralli Chevalier, Bangalore atheists, Larry D. Lee Junior.
Old Eringbon. Esterri, Michael Bailey, then Spurber, Robert Grassy,
Zigoren, Jeff McMahon, Jake Zul, Barnabas Raddix, Mark Kempel,
Thomas Dovner, Luke Neeson, Chris Story, Kimberly Johnson, Benjamin
Galbert, Jessica Nowicki, Linda Brendan, Nicholas Carlson, Ismael Bensleyman.
George Ekoriati, Valentine Steinmann, Per Crawley, Kate Van Goler,
Alexander Obert, Liam Dunaway, BR, Massoud Ali Mohammadi, Perpendicular,
Jannes Hetner, Ursula Guinov, Gregory Hastings, David Pinsov, Sean
Nelson, Mike Levin, and Jos Necht. A special thanks
to my producers Iar Webb, Jim Frank Lucas Stink,
Tom Vanneden, Bernardine Curtis Dixon, Benedict Mueller, Thomas Trumbull,
Catherine and Patrick Tobin, John Carlo Montenegro, Al Nick
Cortiz, and Nick Golden, and to my executive producers,
Matthew Lavender, Sergio Quadrian, Bogdan Kanis, and Rosie. Thank
you for all.